the banks of the black waters
communities and titles
in the Amazon
inspections
It was so with your face he is known
when Carlos is missing
day of work in the rubber plantation in the last 40 years
and now 41 eighty
the vet
- my third is s
works
they're there
on the identity card
the date of birth
in February 1910 the secretary the scene of teenage terror
He is not 47 years old.
the family
there are agrarian areas
O
I can not only this we are yes it is not that according to massonetto studies
elderly scientists in the forest protests caused mistrust
Emma was
hurd and pensions is a matter deserves
this by 2 to 1 and follows in the back of São Paulo intends to receive one or more to know
if there was a home from home at home avoided new ones over 70 years old and cost expensive
all retirees are welcome well
finally in ssa
click here
all the accused
the centers in November
the residents receive more than 70
the youngest senator
it was him too
in the afternoon
the city had to adapt and medical care
reason for this
the center of coexistence
time and bees
no, no
The moment is that no one died.
the president of my colleague
people
in são caetano do sul of the county
yes the newest land of longevity in amazon
after the incident
in a war of the paraná der in the community of chambers so far from being a
step is the time to go to the plantation
the made of the gully may seem an obstacle
with that I do not look better than 99 years
head macaws
because
the awaited
the magnate wendi
already on the 25th in the field the game back
if I were to be controlled by day the attack by shots according to a source that works
in the profession but there are more
ef
This can take time.
clinton this institution in the region
in addition to the party even more beautiful milk in room
this year
but it has served nothing of the factors that make these people grow old
nobody
doctor x 0
the day the doctor and the nurse is one of the greatest specialists in aging
of the forest man
eliminated with an order in the system the stock begins in July
a research to discover the longevity pants here
one of the suspicions that fall precisely on the paraná on food
and caricature of chile
here is what it takes here for example thousand
we have
this fruit that has
nothing has changed better than oral hygiene
is rich in vitamins cee and excellent ascorbic acid the inter est
little bigger
the body
he has
the little bit of training and lots of hope
a color
Yellowish orange is rich in carotene which is another
need
more forest men
We already knew that a long time ago.
a cult of the inhabitants of the municipality over 60 years are being evaluated
the older 1900s will be part of a survey the PTs want to know why
is that this is not they live longer for three days in the state capital
the amazon and acre
Five universities in Brazil
- around let's investigate the longevity pants
besides food, the researchers want to know if the environment
free from punishment and genetics contributes to the long life
blood tests does not reveal who is on the list I have to win the
same proteins as the elderly in other parts of the world
the malaise
here analyzing the projects of the city of Maués
I'll get you to read.
We'll do research says
whatever the result, silva have already arrived by shooting
concern even his lawyer worked with the goalkeeper
This is going to be the password.
the side stops
area
Mark
now c
what counts for even more disposition - 2 is far from being
made after the incident
see below